List view shows all the documents for a particular DocType. Here you can see all the current enabled users in the system. 
These are filters. You can use them to narrow down list of records.
When standard filters are not enough you can use advance filters. 
Let's create a new user.
"This is Users Workspace. You'll find all shortcuts for user, roles and permission management here."
This is a shortcut to User DocType. <br>Let's Click on the User shortcut to explore all users in System.
Select a customer for whom this invoice is being prepared.
Select item that you have sold along with quantity and rate.
"This is Awesomebar, it helps you to navigate anywhere in the system, find documents, reports, settings, create new records and many more things."
These are workspaces. Each module workspace provides insightful information and shortcuts on one page. <br><br>Tip: You can build custom workspaces for your needs.
<h5 style="line-height:1.5;">Click to visit the Workspace</h5>
Enter code for the Item
Enter name for the Item
Select an Item Group
"This is the default measuring unit that you will use for your product. It could be Nos, Kgs, Meters, etc."
"When creating an Item, entering a value for this field will automatically create an Item Price at the backend. Entering a value after the Item has been saved will not work. In this case, the Item Price is created from any transactions with the Item."
Select a Doctype for which you want to create a Print Format
You can modify the style of the Print Format from this section
You can add custom css for your Print Format from this section
Check this if you want to add custom Jinja Code or JavaScript to your Print Format
Select the type of Print Format
Enter the code based on the Print Format Type you selected above
This is the default currency for this company.
"Here, you can add multiple addresses of the company"
"Here, you can set default Accounts, which will ease the creation of accounting entries."
This setting is recommended if you wish to track the real-time stock balance in your books of account. This will allow the creation of a General Ledger entry for every stock transaction.
Select a Module to which this DocType would belong
Check this to make the DocType as Custom
"A Field (or a docfield) defines a property of a DocType. You can define the column name, label, datatype and more for DocFields. For instance, a ToDo doctype has fields description, status and priority. These ultimately become columns in the database table tabToDo."
Select a Document for which you want the Custom Field
Enter a Label for this field
Select the label after which you want to insert new field.
Select an appropriate Field Type that suits your requirements
Check this to make it a mandatory field
Select a customer or lead for whom this quotation is being prepared. Let's select a Customer.
Select a specific Customer to whom this quotation will be sent.
Select an item for which you will be quoting a price.
You can select pre-populated Sales Taxes and Charges from here.
Enter the Full Name of the Customer
Let's name your first Letter Head with your company's name
Select the image containing only header part of your letter Head.
You can mark the Letter Head as default
Enter code for Asset Item
Enter name for Asset Item
Select an Item Group
Check this field to make this an Asset Item
"On checking it, the system will create an Asset automatically on purchase"
Select an Asset Category for this Asset Item
Select a naming series which will be used to create an Asset automatically
Select Naming Series based on which Asset ID will be generated
Select an Asset Item
Select a Location
Check Is Existing Asset
Set Available for use date
Set Gross purchase amount
Set Purchase Date
Check Calculate Depreciation
Enter depreciation which has already been booked for this asset
Set Purpose to Opening Stock to set the stock opening balance.
Edit the Posting Date by clicking on the Edit Posting Date and Time checkbox below.

Select the items for which the opening stock has to be set.
"Select the type of Stock Entry to be made. For now, to receive stock into a warehouses select <a href='https://docs.erpnext.com/docs/v13/user/manual/en/stock/articles/stock-entry-purpose#2purpose-material-receipt' target='_blank'>Material Receipt.</a>"
Select a target warehouse where the stock will be received.
Select an item and entry quantity to be delivered.
Select a name for the warehouse. This should reflect its location or purpose.
Select an account to set a default account for all transactions with this warehouse.
Select Asset Supplier
"Select an Asset Item, Enter rate and quantity"
"Name Asset category. You can create categories based on Asset Types like Furniture, Property, Electronics etc."
Check to enable Capital Work in Progress accounting
Add a row to define Depreciation Method and other details. Note that you can leave Finance Book blank to have it's accounting done in the primary books of accounts.
Select the Fixed Asset and Depreciation accounts applicable for this Asset Category type
A name by which you will identify this template. You can change this later.
Company for which this tax template will be applicable
Set this template as the default for all sales transactions
"You can add a row for a tax rule here. These rules can be applied on the net total, or can be a flat amount."
"By default, the Item Name is set as per the Item Code entered. If you want Items to be named by a Naming Series choose the 'Naming Series' option."
Set a Default Warehouse for Inventory Transactions. This will be fetched into the Default Warehouse in the Item master.
Choose between FIFO and Moving Average Valuation Methods. Click <a href='https://docs.erpnext.com/docs/user/manual/en/stock/articles/item-valuation-fifo-and-moving-average' target='_blank'>here</a> to know more about them.
Select a Supplier
Set the 'Required By' date for the materials. This sets the 'Required By' date for all the items.
Items to be purchased can be added here.
Enter the Item Code.
Enter the required quantity for the material.
The purpose of the material request can be selected here. For now select "Purchase" as the purpose.
Set the 'Required By' date for the materials. This sets the 'Required By' date for all the items.
Setting the target warehouse sets it for all the items.
Items table
Select an Item code. Item details will be fetched automatically.
Enter the required quantity for the material.
"When a Supplier is saved, system generates a unique identity or name for that Supplier which can be used to refer the Supplier in various Buying transactions."
Configure what should be the default value of Supplier Group when creating a new Supplier.
Item prices will be fetched from this Price List.
"If this option is configured 'Yes', ERPNext will prevent you from creating a Purchase Invoice or a Purchase Receipt directly without creating a Purchase Order first."
"If this option is configured 'Yes', ERPNext will prevent you from creating a Purchase Invoice without creating a Purchase Receipt first."
Select a customer.
You can add items here.
Select an item.
Enter quantity.
Enter rate of the item.
You can add sales taxes and charges here.
"By default, the Customer Name is set as per the Full Name entered. If you want Customers to be named by a <a href='https://docs.erpnext.com/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/settings/naming-series' target='_blank'>Naming Series</a>. Choose the 'Naming Series' option."
"If this option is configured 'Yes', ERPNext will prevent you from creating a Sales Invoice or Delivery Note without creating a Sales Order first. This configuration can be overridden for a particular Customer by enabling the 'Allow Sales Invoice Creation Without Sales Order' checkbox in the Customer master."
"If this option is configured 'Yes', ERPNext will prevent you from creating a Sales Invoice without creating a Delivery Note first. This configuration can be overridden for a particular Customer by enabling the 'Allow Sales Invoice Creation Without Delivery Note' checkbox in the Customer master."
Configure the default Price List when creating a new Sales transaction. Item prices will be fetched from this Price List.
The percentage by which you can overbill transactions. For example, if the order value is $100 for an Item and percentage here is set as 10% then you are allowed to bill for $110.
Select the role that is allowed to overbill a transactions.
"If checked, system will unlink the payment against the respective invoice."
"Similar to the previous option, this unlinks any advance payments made against Purchase/Sales Orders."
Tax category can be set on Addresses. An address can be Shipping or Billing address. Set which addres to select when applying Tax Category.
"Freeze accounting transactions up to specified date, nobody can make/modify entry except the specified Role."
Users with this Role are allowed to set frozen accounts and create/modify accounting entries against frozen accounts.
Select the role that is allowed to submit transactions that exceed credit limits set. The credit limit can be set in the Customer form.
Select Supplier
Add items in the table
Select an item
Enter the quantity
Enter rate of the item
You can add taxes here
